So let's go
and practice using CloudFront,
but first we have to create an S3 bucket
to hold our files for our distribution.
So let's create a bucket,
and I'll call this one demo-cloudfront-stephane-v4.
And then we'll scroll down,
leave everything as the default,
and click on Create Bucket.
Okay, so my bucket is now created
and I'm going to upload some files in it.
So let me add files
and I will choose my three files,
beach, coffee, and index.html.
So let's upload them.
And now they've been uploaded.
So if I go in my bucket,
we can see all of them.
And as a reminder, if I go on index.html,
I have two ways of open it.
The first one is to use the Object URL.
But if I try it, I get an access denied
because my object is not public.
And if I go and click on Open here,
this generates a pre-signed.
So let's allow pop-ups.
This generates a pre-signed URL for my S3 objects,
which allows me to access the object.
So I see "I love coffee" and "Hello, world!"
But I still don't see the image
because the image itself is not public.
So let's see how we can instead
use CloudFront to make these files accessible
without making them public.
So let's open up the CloudFront console.
And I'm going to create a CloudFront distribution.
So here I will call it DemoCloudFrontDistribution.
And now we're going to choose the distribution type.
So is it a single website or app
or a multi-tenant architecture?
Well, this is a single website or app.
And then we don't have a custom domain.
Right now, we're going to use
the domain name of CloudFront.
Okay, so next we have the origin type.
So we have different kinds of origin for CloudFront:
Amazon S3, Elastic Loud Balancer,
API Gateway, and then other ones.
But we're going to use Amazon S3.
We then need to choose an origin.
So this is your buckets.
So we're going to browse Amazon S3,
and then I'm going to find
my demo-cloudfront-stephane-v4 bucket.
We choose it.
And then for the origin path,
this is where your content is stored.
But we stored everything in the root of our buckets,
so we're just going to keep it as is.
Next for settings, we want to allow
private S3 bucket access to CloudFront.
So this is going to allow CloudFront
to access the buckets directly, privately,
and modify the bucket policy automatically.
So we don't need to make
any of these objects public.
CloudFront is going to create
what's called an origin access control
and access our S3 bucket privately.
So we'll have a look at the changes made
to the S3 bucket policy.
So yes, we're going to use
the recommended origin settings
and then click on Next.
Then, do we want to enable security?
For now, no need.
This is an extra cost that's not needed for us.
And very simply, we're done.
We need to just review and create.
And as you see, it says,
"Because you granted CloudFront access to your origin,"
so our Amazon S3 bucket,
"CloudFront can write and update S3 bucket policies
that restrict access to your S3 origin to CloudFront."
So yes, this is perfect.
We're going to observe this.
So if I go into Permissions
and look at my bucket policy,
as you can see right now, it's empty.
Okay, so now let's go ahead
and create this distribution.
And this is good.
Now this is successfully created.
Now let's have a look at our S3 bucket.
So I'm going to refresh this page.
And now we can see that the bucket policy is changed,
and we have this CloudFront that I did this.
So what does it allow?
Well, this policy allows the CloudFront service
to get objects anywhere on my bucket
as long as the source of this operation
is my CloudFront distribution
that I just created, this one.
So that's perfect.
And now how do we access our CloudFront distribution?
Well, if I wait, we need to wait
because it says, "Deploying."
So let's wait a little bit.
Let me refresh.
Okay, I need to wait a little bit more,
so I'll get back to you.
So my distribution is now ready.
And I can just copy this domain name,
open a new tab, and paste it in.
So right now, I haven't specified any paths.
Of course I'm gonna get an error.
But if I type coffee.jpg,
I see my coffee.
If I type beach.jpg,
I see my beach.
And if I type index.html,
I will see my whole HTML page.
And this is accessed through CloudFront.
And then CloudFront is going to access my S3 bucket.
But remember, my elements in my S3 bucket
are still private.
Nothing is public.
So everything is distributed through CloudFront.
But the benefit of using CloudFront
is that, for example,
if I go back to beach.jpg,
it was instant to load, very instant.
That's because we have a cached version
of this file thanks to CloudFront.
So that makes everything super smooth
and globally distributed.
Even if I access this page from somewhere in Asia,
I will have very little latency.
So that's awesome.
We've created our first platform distribution,
and we've seen how to set it up
as well as security settings
that were set up on our bucket policy.
So this is great.
So I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.